In this video I'm going to provide the solution for the assignment related to the motion of turtle sim
Indras this time is going to be in Python.
So remember I have already made the motion with C++ and in this video we're going to need to say using
the bison programming language.
So let's get started.
So let me see my objective is to develop an application to make turtle literacy move either in a straight
line forward backward or also to rotate on itself and then develop an application that makes the robot
for example going into grid shape or it is still cheap.
So let's get started with the turtle.
This is out of the sea.
And this is now the Python code that is actually a translation of the C++ code that we have presented
in the previous videos of course first of all we need to impart the necessary library we're going to
be part Russified and these messages because here in the US is the command of the robot is this message
we're going to impart.
Also the pose of the see the pose message and some other libraries like the math of the time and the.
And the message here we're going to need them later.
The first thing that we need to do is to create a publisher and subscriber so we're to create the subscriber
for the post topic and the post topic here.
As you already know say I make a list of at least most of it.
It's called total war posts.
One post is a topic that is used to find the position of the rabbit.
We will find subscriber for this topic.
OK this is the type of the message is foe's and the pause Colback.
This is a function that will be executed every time there is a new message that arrives.
So the post-combat will just take a pause message as parameter that is the incoming message itself and
then it will create the global variables x y z and you so x y y represent the information so Z will
not need you because you have only two Imagine you have X is why the position of a robot and you is
that data is the orientation of the other.
So every time we receive a new message we are going to update the global variable x y and you.
OK so x when you post a message that x and y equal to those matches that y.
So you may wonder why it's like this.
Remember that when topic in full slushed the little one of slush flows.
OK this is the type of the message and if we show the content of the message using Russ and Z show
then here we find that this message foe's contains X which is this one.
OK what's the x y and Dot data.
This is the only
so why don't we do this.
Actually we need to have the values of x y and you're interested in that method so make them global
variables so we can access them anywhere in the program.
Getting back to the main function.
OK we have also lost the publisher although we can define it later.
The publisher can be publishing on the topic once in the van because here we have the same level as
the topic or the velocity message.
And just to see the information about this message you can pick him for slash slash.
Well
OK and as a student you get the message with us.
And as you show only you can see the content is as follows We have a linear component and you have additional
component and we that we have X Y Z towards.
OK that's pretty much.
Let's get started with the first method method.
OK.
The method movie takes a C takes a distance to move and it takes that action.
OK so how do you do that the same way we did in C this last version.
We're going to be fine and then let's get the message object and here we're going to call the global
variable x and y.
So in this method I'm going to use the distance as the median distance between the current coordinates
and the initial coordinates of for example when it moves in this location I'm going to calculate the
distance between this point and the starting point.
So what they need to do I need to see the starting point I need to study initially and then when that
is going to move I can get the new position using the callback function and then calculate the median
distance already that that is the distance between two point is the square root of x minus x 0 square.
That's why my image was used.
So you can look at the definition of medium distance which regulate light in this program.
OK.
So first of all we're going to take the current location before it starts moving and that the x x and
y 0 equipped Y then depending on the direction whether it is forward or backward we're going to say
that velocity then your X either to a positive battin That's why we use the absolute abs for the absolute
value.
So what am I doing here.
I'm going to guarantee that the velocity immediate X will be positive and either direction is not fall
or just backward.
So I'm going to set a negative time.
And of course as usual you have to set up a new plate.
So we're going to publish the velocity commands 10 times a second and we create the publisher for the
velocity and on the topic of the event then we lined up so that is going to keep going until it reaches
a certain distance.
So while you we're going to publish the message when we published the message this week.
And then we'll see.
So this is going to worry you that the messages were published 10 times a second and then after the
game we're going to calculate that this is that this move is going to the absolute value of the square
x minus 0 0 2 and y minus like you bout it.
So this is the definition of distance.
So if this move is a smaller one that is at a distance.
So remember that this is a planet.
For example I want to move one meter or two meters.
If you had to remove one metre or two meters and this is a way to create a feature I'm going to exit
that while using break.
And then of course we should not forget to stop the rabbit when the distance is velocity that near the
X equal to zero.
And we have to publish the velocity message so that the robot is going to stop immediately.
So this is for the whole function.
You can just ask them function in the main.
So maybe this will function I'm going to make a call at speed 1.
What does this do in the football that actually.
OK so it's pretty much the rest of us.
Essentially the turtle simply knelt by
OK and the robot is moving forward a distance of two meters.
You can see here the distance is created that this this is what did here.
Now I can move backwards if I want.
So all I need to do is to just pull this false gate and begin to move back.
So this is the first function length of the history motion.
OK.
Or in your motion.